several possession
several obligation
copyright
arranged marriage
guaranty
guaranty bond
guarantor
principal
original agency
original agent
subagency
unjust enrichment
misfeasance
force majeure
inviolability
omission
property guarantee
partition
mining ownership
procedural law
reputed trademark
creativity
creation
accessory obligation
continental law
representation
subrogated right
single succession
single obligation
pirated VCD
setoff
collateral
hypothec
mortgagee
mortgagor
superficies
easement
tenant right
deposit
only child
malicious possession
statutory agent
legal succession
legal obligation
legal fruits
legal marriage
legal person
illegitimate child
community property
conjugal relationship
service trademark
pension
incompatibility
partnership
individual business
give
industrial property
public law
public protection
citizen
joint possession
joint succession
native law
affiliate enterprise
advertisement trademark
lawful act
partner
cooperative
equity
census register
legitimate child
marital law
currency
birth control
know-how
succession participant
inheritance law
heir
guardianship
simple obligation
ecclesiastical law
necessity
similar trademark
forbidding norm
moral
residence
absolute right
divorce
exception law
joint obligation
joint venture
forest ownership
lien
Roman Law
civil act
express guaranty
commanding norm
implied guaranty
case law
spouse
plagiary
drifting object
general agency
common law
general partnership
expectant right
fraud
parental right
tort
satisfaction
general agency
alienation guarantee
human right
personal right
voluntary obligation
Germanic law
join partnership
trademark gazette
trademark infringement
trademark right
trademark examination
trademark office
trademark register
commodity trademark
substantial law
utility model
practicability
jus civile
right of recall
adoption law
adoptive parentr
adoption agreement
trustee
private law
self-protection
proprietorship
visitation right
special law
special partnership
special lien
certain obligation
royalties
natural fruits
cohabitation
late marriage
jus gentium
unlawful act
liquidated damages
forge
consolation money
void marriage
ineffective act
incapacity for act
voluntary service
irresponsible right
bona vacatia
misrepresentation
customary law
preemption
obvious unjust
relative right
counterpart
duress
novelty
credit guarantee
alternative obligation
foregift
monogamy
Islamic law
medical charge
heritage
inheritor
Lost property
last words
devise
obligatory norm
accident
English law
priority date
limited partnership
advanced payment
subagent
early marriage
creditor
bond
debt
debt maturity
debtor
securities
lineal descent
designated agent
statute
indefinite obligation
gross misunderstanding
bigamy
domicile
copyright owner
voluntary manslaughter
voluntary intoxication
victims rights
victimless crime
vehicular homicide
uttering
unlawful assembly
trespassory taking
treason
tangible property
several crimes
sudden passion
accomplice
agricrime
armed robbery
arrest warrant
assault
attack dog
blood money
body bag
bum rap
career criminal
computer cleaner
con artist
con game
date rape
domestic violence
drunk driving
hold-up
impulse crime
juvenile delinquency
arrested for larceny
Mafia
money laundering
organized crime
perjury
police corruption
pornoshop
sin tax
statutory rape
suicide season
tax evasion
rejoinder
victim
principal action
defense
order
order
award
admitted evidence
seal up
withdraw appeal
exhibit
summon
hearsay
reply
acting judge
accusatory procedure
third party
freeze
sole arbitrator
legal aid
legal consulting
court debate
court investigation
court record
court announcement
criminal suspect
recheck
reinspect
prison
procurator
prosecutorial power
expert conclusion
economic tribunal
detention house
decision
military court
accusatory proceedings
incriminating evidence
accusation function
attachment
distraint
interim award
civil case
civil tribunal
civil action
juror
appeal
appellant
juvenile prison
ordeal system
case review
presiding judge
substantial evidence
tangible evidence
real evidence
demonstrative evidence
safe retreat
chief procurator
the addressee
court clerk
judicial police
judicial bureau
search
litigious participants
special procedures
railway court
appearance
entrusted defense
juvenile court
associate judge
material evidence
criminal detention
criminal tribunal
criminal proceedings
administrative tribunal
administrative proceedings
reprimand
verbal evidence
plaintiff
court president
investigation stage
procedure execution
executor
executive tribunal
appointed defense
respondent
arbitration
plaintiff
arbitration tribunal
arbitration committee
principal procurator
assistant procurator
specific jurisdiction
exclusive jurisdiction
judgment
decision
lawyer license
lawyer fee
