data structures
dictionaries
priority Queues
numerical problems
linear programming
knapsack problem
fourier
combinatorial problems
sorting
searching
median and selection
generating permutations
generating subsets
generating partitions
generating graphs
calendrical calculations
Job scheduling
satisfiability
connected components
topological sorting
shortest path
matching
eulerian cycle
network flow
drawing trees
clique
Independent set
vertex cover
graph partition
vertex coloring
edge coloring
graph Isomorphism
steiner tree steiner
feedback edge
computational geometry
convex Hull
triangulation
range search
point location
Intersection detection
bin packing
polygon partitioning
simplifying polygons
shape similarity
motion planning
set cover
set packing
string matching
text compression
cryptography
recursion
abstract
abstract class
abstraction
access
access level
access function
account
action
activate
active
actual parameter
adapter
add-in
address
address space
advanced
aggregation
algorithm
alias
align
allocate
allocator
angle bracket
annotation
application
application framework
appearance
append
architecture
archive file
array
arrow operator
assembly
assembly language
assembly manifest
assert(ion)
assign
assignment
assignment operator
associated
associative container
asynchronous
atomic
atomic operation
attribute
authentication service
authorization
audio
background
backward compatible
backup
backup device
backup file
bandwidth
base class
base type
batch
binary
binary search
binary tree
binary function
binary large object
binary operator
binding
bit
bitmap
bitwise
bitwise copy
bitwise operation
block
bookkeeping
boolean
border
bounds checking
boxing
brace
bracket
breakpoint
browser applications
build
built-in
bus
business
business logic
business rules
buttons
parachute
by
byte
cache
calendar
call
callback
call-level interface
call operator
candidate key
cascading delete
cascading update
casting
catalog
chain
character
character format
character set
checkpoint
check box
check button
child class
class
class declaration
class definition
class factory
class hierarchy
class library
class loader
class template
classification
clause
client application
client cursor
code page
cleanup
client
client area
client-server
clipboard
clone
collection
combo box
command line
comment
commit
communication
compatible
compile time
compiler
component
composite index
composite key
dairy
concept
concrete
concrete class
concurrency
constraint
configuration
connection
connection pooling
console
constant
construct
constructor
container
containment
context
control
copy
cover
create
crosstab query
cube
cursor
cursor
custom
data
data connection
data dictionary
data dictionary view
data file
data integrity
data mart
data pump
data scrubbing
data source
data warehouse
dataset
database
database catalog
database diagram
database file
database object
database owner
database project
database role
database schema
database script
data-bound
data-aware control
data member
dataset
data source
data structure
data table
datagram
dead lock
deallocate
debug
debugger
decay
decision support
declaration
deduction
default database
default instance
default result set
default
defer
definition
delegate
delegation
deploy
dereference
dereference operator
derived class
design by contract
design pattern
destroy
destructor
device
dialog
digest
digital
directive
directory
dirty pages
dirty read
disassembler
disk
dispatch
distributed computing
distributed query
document
dot operator
driver
dump
dump file
dynamic cursor
dynamic filter
dynamic locking
dynamic recovery
dynamic snapshot
dynamic binding
efficiency
efficient
end user
engine
entity
encapsulation
enum
enumerators
equal
equality
equality operator
error log
escape code
escape character
exclusive lock
explicit transaction
evaluate
event
event driven
event handler
evidence
exception
exception declaration
exception handling
exception-safe
exception specification
exit
explicit
explicit specialization
export
expression
facility
fat client
feature
fetch
field
field
field length
file
filter
finalization
firewall
finalizer
firmware
flag
flash memory
flush
font
foreign key
form
formal parameter
forward declaration
forward-only
fragmentation?
framework
full specialization
function
function object
functionality
function template
functor
game
generate
generic
generic algorithm
genericity
getter
global
global object
grant
granularity
group
group box
hand shaking
handle
handler
hard-coded
hard-copy
hard disk
hardware
hash table
header file
heap
help file
hierarchy
hierarchical data
hook
